.\" Copyright (C), 2011  Ali
.\" You may distribute this file under the terms of the GNU Free
.\" Documentation License.
.TH "pool.deploy" 1 2011-09-07 
.SH NAME
pool.deploy \- a simple deploy script
.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.SY pool.deploy
\-a
TREE
.YS

.SY pool.deploy
\-n
.OP \-g
TREE
.YS

.SY pool.deploy
\-s
.OP \-h REMOTE
.OP \-k
.OP \-l
SRC
DEST
.YS

.SY pool.deploy
\-z
.OP \-k
.OP \-l
TREE
.YS

.SH DESCRIPTION

This program prepares and/or deploys a directory.  We assume that \`\fB/neutral\fP\' is a non-existing directory, and use it to mean user's home directory

.SH OPTIONS
.LP
The following options are supported:
.TP 4
.B -a TREE
Activate a presumably neutralized tree.  Symlinks pointing to directories under \`\fB/neutral\fP\' will now point to under your home directory.

.TP 4
.B -n TREE
Neutralize tree. Changes symbolic links to point to /neutral instead of your home directory. With \fB\-g\fP also runs git add on the tree.

.TP 4
.B -s SRC DEST
Sync (deploy) tree.  Deploys tree to the destination, which can be local or an SSH remote directory.  Uses \`\fBrsync\fP\' underneath.
  \fB\-h\fP REMOTE specify remote home directory
  \fB\-k\fP keep the temporary directory
  \fB\-l\fP folow symlinks, like \`\fBrsync -L\fP\'.

.TP 4
.B -z TREE
Create tarball.  This tarball can, for example, be deployed on a remote machine.
  \fB\-k\fP keep the temporary directory
  \fB\-l\fP folow symlinks, like \`\fBrsync -L\fP\'.

.SH EXAMPLES
.LP
.EX
pool.deploy -sl alpha/ ug:~/.local/
pool.deploy -s  alpha/ alp:~/.local/
pool.deploy -sl cnd/   cnd05.w:~/.local
pool.deploy -z  cnd/
pool.deploy -zk cnd/
pool.deploy -s  susa/  ~/
pool.deploy -ng susa/
.EE

.SH FILES
Generates a temporary directory named \fB$TREE\fP-active.  If such directory exists, it will be deleted first.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH BUGS
.SH KNOWN ISSUES
.IP * 4
Uses \`\fB/neutral\fP\', and assumes it is a non-existing directory.
.IP * 4
Creates a temporary directory write beside the source directory named \fB$TREE\fP-active.

.SH AUTHOR
Ali <ali@hovel.ca>
